docs: improve Storage Minimal Available Percentage and Storage Over Provisioning Percentage docs (#1142)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.10.0/references/settings.md

> Default: `25`

> This setting specifies the minimum percentage of available disk space required for Longhorn to schedule new replicas on a disk.
> 
> By default, this value is set to 25%. Longhorn Manager will only schedule a new replica on a disk if the available space after provisioning the replica remains above 25% of the disk’s total capacity (Storage Maximum). If scheduling a replica would reduce the available space below this threshold, the disk is marked as unschedulable until sufficient space is freed.
> 
> This safeguard helps prevent disks from becoming overly full, which could otherwise lead to performance degradation, scheduling failures, or storage exhaustion. By maintaining a buffer of free space, Longhorn enhances system stability and allows room for unexpected storage demands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting controls the minimum free space that must remain on a disk, based on its **Storage Maximum**, before Longhorn can schedule a new replica.

By default, Longhorn ensures that at least **25%** of the disk's total capacity remains free. If adding a replica would reduce the available space below this limit, the disk is temporarily marked as unavailable for scheduling until enough space is freed.

This helps protect your disks from becoming too full, which can cause performance issues or storage failures. Keeping a buffer of free space helps to keep the system stable and ensures there is room for unexpected storage needs.
```

> This setting helps ensure that disks do not become overly full, which can lead to performance degradation, scheduling failures, or storage exhaustion. By reserving a buffer of free space, Longhorn improves system stability and provides a safeguard for unexpected storage needs.

Author: unschedulable seems commonly used through Kubernetes and Longhorn docs. WDYT?

> This setting helps ensure that disks do not become overly full, which can lead to performance degradation, scheduling failures, or storage exhaustion. By reserving a buffer of free space, Longhorn improves system stability and provides a safeguard for unexpected storage needs.

Reviewer 2: Yes, we can go with unschedulable

The over-provisioning percentage defines the amount of storage that can be allocated relative to the hard drive's capacity.

> By increasing this value, Longhorn Manager allows scheduling new replicas on a disk as long as the total size of all scheduled replicas (Storage Scheduled) does not exceed the configured over-provisioning percentage of the usable disk space (calculated as **Storage Maximum** minus **Storage Reserved**).
> 
> Note that a replica may consume more space than the volume’s nominal size due to snapshot data. You can free up disk space by deleting unnecessary snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjusting this setting allows Longhorn Manager to schedule new replicas on a disk as long as the combined size of all replicas stays within the permitted over-provisioning percentage of the usable disk space. The usable disk space is calculated as **Storage Maximum** minus **Storage Reserved**.

Note that replicas may consume more space than the volume’s nominal size due to snapshot data. To reclaim disk space, you can delete snapshots that are no longer needed.
```
